---
title: HCCPD Final Writeup
description: >-
  A blog post by Ben Limmer about his Human Centered Computing Professional Development (HCCPD) class at CU Boulder
tags:
  - computer science
  - cu boulder
overrideLastModified: "2020-05-03T14:57:55-06:00"
archive: true
---

import HccpdFinalWriteup from "./assets/hccpd_final_sp11.pdf";

It's finally here! Today I'm officially done with college. My last requirement is to post my portfolio page which
describes the work I've done in my Human Centered Computing Professional Development (HCCPD) over the past semester.

I honestly believe that this class is one of the most beneficially project classes you can take in the CU Computer
Science department. This is the third time I've taken the course in my four years at CU and it has provided me the
ability to do the non-standard academic activities that have molded me to be the person I am today.

This semester, I focused on three main tasks: finding a job, planning startups2students 2011, and determining how I can
stay involved with the department after graduation. I'll break down each of my achievements in the course.

# Job Search

This was the original reason I chose to take the class again this semester. At the beginning of the semester I was not
sure exactly how I could put in the necessary amount of time to start seeking a job earlier than graduation. I called
[Clayton Lewis](http://spot.colorado.edu/~clayton) and he suggested I take his course again with an emphasis on finding
a job. I used the course for everything related to finding a job. I spent a lot of time working on personalizing my
resume, getting my web presence in order, attending job fairs and other job-related events, and interviewing with
companies. The sheer fact that I was able to spend 5 or more hours per week working with job-search related tasks, I am
so grateful that I was able to get course credit while accomplishing these goals. I am so happy that I was able to end
up landing a great job with [ReadyTalk](http://www.readytalk.com).

# startups2students 2011:

This year's startups2students event was the biggest and best yet! We had a huge amount of interest in the event and I've
gotten a ton of positive feedback from students and companies report that they had many leads from the event! Without
this class I would not have been able to make the event as great as it was this year. If you want more information on
the event, check out our [wiki](http://startup2student.pbworks.com). Additionally, startups2students sparked another
event I worked without throughout the course of the semester, OutTurn CU.

# Staying Involved

After finishing with the events and job search, I dedicated time to determining how I can stay involved after
graduation. I worked specifically with Dirk Grunwald and John Black and the Computer Science advisory board to discuss
the future of entrepreneurship and the CU Computer Science department. I hope to be invited to future advisory board
meetings to stay involved with CU Computer Science.

You can find my final presentation <a href={HccpdFinalWriteup}>here</a>, though it's not very interesting without
hearing my actual presentation. It shows a series of photos that represent what I've done over the semester.

Welp, I'm officially done with college! w00t!
